What kind of stories can we tell with this system?   
	This system has a setting connected to it but that setting encompasses all the other settings. The setting is about the multiverse, parallel universes, and all the possibilities. It’s a universal system but it has some assumptions in it so that it can facilitate stories from one setting to another. It has an overall story in the background that connects everything but you can focus on what is important to you.   
	My goal in creating this system was to be able to hand the GM and their players a set of tools that will allow them to tell the stories that they always wanted to tell, with as little work on their part as possible. It’s just a huge toolkit were all the parts were designed to work together in whatever shape the users want. You can just take a few parts and run your setting or take other parts and run something different. You can make any kind of connections you can imagine and the tools won’t tell you that you can’t make them work together.   
	I love history. From ancient history and the development of different ideas to warfare and technologies through out time. I wanted a system to be able to take a group of characters from any point of time in history and put them into another point in history and see how they would fare. What about Romans that found a portal to a fantasy world? What about a WW2 battleship arriving during the Age of Sail? What about aliens landing some time during the Middle Ages and fighting anthropomorphic cat people?   
	Fiction is so full of wonderful ideas and I wanted a system that you could explore anything that you could imagine. My job is to hand you the paints and paint brush but then stand out of your way. I want to let you do what you want to do. You can paint a story about a single village where your characters are the heroes or they are underdogs in a fight across multiple realms trying to fight the forces of darkness and corruption.   
	I hope you enjoy your trip\!

