What is this game about?   
	I’ve been gaming since the 80s. I started with D\&D 1st edition and Champions. As soon as I started playing, I wanted to run games on my own. I started Game Mastering soon afterwards. I ran games for my little brother and friends. I loved being able to create scenarios and have them explore each room and each idea.   
	When I played in other people’s games, I would explore different ideas. I loved to create new spells and try out new tactics. Then I would incorporate these new ideas into my games. It was a wonderful feedback loop of creativity.   
	I found game settings that I loved, sometimes with game engines that I hated. I explored so many of them, trying to find a system that I really liked. All of them had interesting ideas but they all had various problems. Most were good at a particular setting but then didn’t work outside of that setting. Some were very universal but clunky in general.   
	I loved some of the universal systems but they had their problems. Most gave you too many choices and too many points. People could create so much nonsense and there was little to guide them during character creation. They would create one dumb idea after another and I would have to reject them. Some of these were amusing but wouldn’t function in the setting.   
	I was also dealing with some difficulties with math. I wasn’t great with it and it bothered me. There were some game systems that leaned into math and it never liked them. Some systems overwhelmed me with the number of points to use to create a character or a vehicle. Character creation in these systems didn’t leave much time to actually play that day. If you had a player that didn’t understand it ahead of time, they were lost. It was easier when I was younger and had lots of time to work on these games but as I grew up, I had less time. I needed to find a game that was quicker to create an interesting character and I knew the way they were using so much math for players was slowing things down.   
	I tried new systems. Some were low on math but they were based on throwing lots of dice at the problem. They tended to use success systems to replace the calculations but they made no sense when you tried to figure out the chances to succeed. It seemed more like a random chance than a choice of tactics. Players would just stand out in the open because cover only altered their dice pool a die or two. They had a handful so it wasn’t important. So players were inclined to make stupid choices because there was nothing driving them to think tactically. So by solving one problem, successes caused a different one.   
	I found a few games that were faster at one thing but limited too much in other ways. I was able to learn the rules and run a game that same day in a few of them. I loved that, but the system was too limited. Some were faster at combat and had some interesting ideas but fell down in the rest of the system.   
	What I wanted was a hybrid. I wanted to have the quick character creation and guided concepts of a level based system. They were so much easier to set a power level in by setting the starting level. However, I also wanted a rich skill system that I loved from most universal systems. I wanted something that would let me run any setting that I wanted with a minimum of prep time. I wanted fast combat that was also tactically interesting, but I didn’t want to have the players able to just walk off a cliff and walk away because they had a lot of hit points.   
	If you can’t find it, you create it\! So what is this game about? It’s 35 years of collecting game concepts that I liked and trying to get them all to flow together. It’s all the things that people told me I couldn’t have in a game. I could have a game that was accurate and tactical or I could have a fast system, but not both. Games could either be extra crunchy and accurate or narrative and vague. So many things that other game designers told me not to try to do. That is what this game is about. Proving them wrong and getting the game I always wanted\! 

